Lily begins her update of the
“Teller Transactions” course by
making sure she includes the
most important and valuable
content for the audience.
Then she practices minimalist
writing techniques to ensure
learners can easily identify
and process the important
information.
After following along as Lily
applies these techniques, you
too will be able to write
content that focuses on the
learner by removing excess
information.
In order to focus content on
the learner, Lily must first
identify who the learners are
most likely to be for this
course.
She does this by selecting one
of the personas from the ITS
personas list.
This course is about completing
transactions in the teller
system, so Tom Teller is a
great persona choice.
As Lily designs the course, she
asks herself whether the
content is something that Tom
Teller needs to know to do his
job.
If it’s not, then she likely
doesn’t need to include it.
Scroll down to learn more about
the techniques Lily uses to
select the right content and
write the course so that it
focuses on the learners.